I set out alone, finding no companion to cheer the way with friendly intercourse, and no party of travellers with whom to associate myself. Swayed by an overmastering impulse within me, and a long-cherished desire to visit those glorious sanctuaries, I resolved to quit all my friends and tear myself away from my home. As my parents were still alive, it weighed grievously upon me to part from them, and both they and I were afflicted with sorrow.

The population of the city came out to meet the members of our party, and on all sides greetings and question were exchanged, but not a soul greeted me as no one there was known to me. I was so affected by my loneliness that I could not restrain my tears and wept bitterly, until one of the pilgrims realized the cause of my distress and coming up to me greeted me kindly and continued to entertain me with friendly talk until I entered the city.

One of the brethren having advised me to accompany them, I consulted the will of God in this matter, and after a stay of three days in the city to procure all that I needed, I rode after them with all speed.

I fell ill of a fever, and one of my friends advised me to stay there till I recovered. But I refused, saying, "If God decrees my death, it shall be on the road with my face set toward Mecca." "If that is your resolve," he replied, "sell your ass and your heavy baggage, and I shall lend you what you require. In this way you will travel light, for we must make haste on our journey." I followed his advice and he did as he had promised--may God reward him!

We camped outside the town, but a heavy rain forced us to leave our tents during the night and take refuge in some houses there. Next day the governor of the city came to meet us. Seeing my clothes all soiled by the rain he gave orders that they should be washed at his house, and in place of my old worn headcloth sent me a headcloth of fine cloth, in one of the ends of which he had tied two gold dinars. This was the first alms I received on my journey.

After staying in the town for several days, we left the merchants of our party on account of the dangers of the road, while we pursued our journey with the utmost speed.

Thence we Journeyed to the desert, of which the saying goes: "He who enters it is lost, and he who leaves it is born."

The custom of the watercarriers is to camp beside the spring, and they have tanks made of buffalo hides, like great cisterns, from which they water the camels and fill the waterskins. Each amir or person of rank has a special tank for the needs of his own camels and personnel; the other people make private agreements with the watercarriers to water their camels and fill their waterskins for a fixed sum of money.

The caravan travels with great speed night and day, for fear of this desert. Halfway through is the valley, which might well be the valley of Hell (may God preserve us from it). One year the pilgrims suffered terribly here from the samoom-wind; the water-supplies dried up and the price of a single drink rose to a thousand dinars, but both seller and buyer perished. Their story is written on a rock in the valley.

Five days after leaving, they reach the well, which has an abundance of water, but not a soul draws water there, however violent his thirst, following the example of the Prophet, who passed it on his expedition, giving orders that none should drink of its waters. Here, in some hills of red rock, are the dwellings. They are cut in the rock and have carved thresholds. Anyone seeing them would take them to be of recent construction. The decayed bones of the former inhabitants are to be seen inside these houses.

A large and pleasant village with palm-gardens and water-springs, lies half a day's journey or less. The pilgrims halt there four days to provision themselves and wash their clothes. They leave behind them here any surplus of provisions they may have, taking with them nothing but what is strictly necessary. The people of the village are very trustworthy.

We set out at night from this blessed valley, with hearts full of joy at reaching the goal of our hopes, and in the morning arrived at the holy sanctuary.

The inhabitants are distinguished by many excellent and noble activities and qualities, by their beneficence to the humble and weak, and by their kindness to strangers. When any of them makes a feast, he begins by giving food to the religious devotees who are poor and without resources, inviting them first with kindness and delicacy. The majority of these unfortunates are to be found by the public bakehouses, and when anyone has his bread baked and takes it away to his house, they follow him and he gives each one of them some share of it, sending away none disappointed. Even if he has but a single loaf, he gives away a third or a half of it, cheerfully and without any grudgingness.

Another good habit of theirs is this. The orphan children sit in the bazaar, each with two baskets, one large and one small. When one of the townspeople comes to the bazaar and buys cereals, meat and vegetables, he hands them to one of these boys, who puts the cereals in one basket and the meat and vegetables in the other and takes them to the man's house, so that his meal may be prepared. Meanwhile the man goes about his devotions and his business. There is no instance of any of the boys having ever abused their trust in this matter, and they are given a fixed fee of a few coppers.

They are very elegant and clean in their dress, and most of them wear white garments, which you always see fresh and snowy. They use a great deal of perfume and make free use of toothpicks of green arak-wood. The Meccan women are extraordinarily beautiful and very pious and modest. They too make great use of perfumes to such a degree that they will spend the night hungry in order to buy perfumes with the price of their food. They visit every Thursday night, wearing their finest apparel; and the whole sanctuary is saturated with the smell of their perfume. When one of these women goes away the odour of the perfume clings to the place after she has gone.

I'm very concerned. My sink was installed a little over two years ago and I'm beginning to see hair line cracks appear. At first I thought it was a stain but I looked underneath and it’s fracturing. I’ve loved it up until now. Love the way it looks. I’m going to have a real problem if I have to replace it. I’ve tried to show in the photo the damage but it’s not easy to see. As I said these are hairline fractures. Certainly it has sustained no damage from us.

There is nothing to say except that these bizarre floor mats are a better mood elevator than all the serotonin re-uptake drugs ever invented. If you have dogs they will thank you for buying one or more of these. If you have feet they too will thank you for bringing one of these heater mats into your life. Pros: No thinking involved to employ--plug in the cord. Greater pleasure in being will come from standing (or lying!) in the field of toastiness. Put one next to your bed, place slippers atop, wake to joyous foot warmth. Love humanity--even if briefly--as a result. At least love the memory of Tesla, if no one else. Cons: You have to be neat--no piling laundry on top! Yes, I should be neat anyhow...sue me. Not a hard duty item--playing dogs chasing tennis balls is a bad idea if heater mat is not generously within the perimeter of the area rug. It will still work, but it will become frowzy and wrinkled. Cord is large, as is appropriate for the needs, but can be difficult to camouflage. I would buy these over again every day of the week. Mine are at least five years old, are put to use every winter, and are in three rooms of my six room house. These odd heater mats bring a comfort to my life which is sorely lacking, here in the land of the palmetto bug and eight solid summertime months of soul-sapping AC. They will come with me when I move north, and I will continue to treasure them.

Is what it says it is. Looks cute. Only thing is it needs something additional to make it stick well.

It's all about measuring everything and piecing it together.

This is an amazing product! It looks like tile but it’s not! I have gotten many compliments on it, and when I tell them it’s peel and stick, they don’t believe me. It was very easy to use and cut so that the pieces fit together. I would highly recommend.

Looks foolish! So fake and looks cheesy, the pattern is tiny and the black spacing looks nothing like grout. Sad I missed the return window.

Makes my door look happy and welcoming!

It’s just absolutely adorable. Every single person who has walked up to the door has commented on it! It’s different and FUN! The quality of the material is fantastic. It’s actually pretty heavy and seems to be a well made product.

Loved the item; however, the shipping was poor. The items were in their original box, placed inside a mailing envelope. Upon arrival, the box was smushed! This was a gift for my daughter, but now, it looks like I got them at a garage sale!

Let me start out by saying I love breakfast sandwiches! I've used this gadget with English muffins, sandwich thins, and croissant thus far. The English muffins work best. Sandwich thins are too dry and tend to burn. The croissants get a lovely crisp outside if you used enough cooking spray otherwise also burn. If you put the top on I got a runny egg which my husband loved. Since I like a firmer egg and did not want to burn the top of my croissant I left the top off for 3 min then added it which worked fine. My daughter did not like the crisp on the outside of the croissant so the next thing I will try is putting the egg in till it sets around 3 min and then lifting up and inserting the croissant and cheese on the bottom and adding the croissant to the top for the remaining 1.5min just to warm it.

False advertisement, I purchased because it said maximum weight was 450 lbs. when I received the package I was confused because it stated that the maximum weight was 300 lbs, so I called way fair to clarify. I spoke to a representative that took the info and said they would call me back (no call back), but I got an email 3 days later stating that they contacted the manufacturer and the maximum weight is indeed 300lbs, but I can send it back if I'd like. Funny thing is, my wife noticed afterwards that on the box it says maximum weight 300lbs, but further to the right on the box there is a sticker over top that says maximum weight 450lbs. Talk about misleading, and false advertising considering the fact that way fair confirmed with the manufacturer that the maximum weight is 300lbs.

I love my “boyfriend” pillow! I bought it as gag gift, but it’s very high quality. Very soft and snuggly, exceptionally well made! Bonus... doesn’t snore! The only way this could be better would be if it could kill bugs and take out the trash. I’m very pleased!

I had to give it away, was not happy with it, too many pieces.

I can't believe the asking price for these were once over a hundred dollars. they are so tiny very light weight and poor quality that I'm glad I paid only fifty dollars, but even that's asking a bit much. They do add personality to a space.

Just horrible. Especially for the price. Extremely disappointed. One is broken on the bottom. They are messy, inconsistent, pieces of the paint flaking off. Patches missing paint. Look like I’ve owned them for years yet just received them today. Pink mystery color on the bottom of one. Also come in that horrible styrofoam that clings to everything and breaks apart everywhere when trying to remove from the box.

These chairs are heavy, large and heavily gilded. The cushions are very nice, but not reversable. I have them in my livingroom alcove beside a French commode and they blend in well with all my antiques. Everytime that I look at them I like them better, but keep in mind, they are ornate. They have a slight Regancy look to them at first glance and I think they look nicer from a distance.

Just remember placing this item is very important, if you cant put it in an angle, you wont see the art of it at all. It must be places exactly as they posted pictures of it. Any other way, and you wont be happy. I tried 15 different ways and still havent found a good placement cause the area is small to put it side ways! Otherwise, its very gorgeous!

Great concept, but not exactly what was shipped. The images show a nice deep blue color, but what i received all had a gross brown tinge. I suspect the slicing of the stone may cause discoloration from all the heat produced by the saw blade? Either way, looked a little like frozen dishwater. not what was in the image.
